help/quicksilver/workfront-goals/goal-management/manage-goal-comments.md, before:

---
product-previous: workfront-goals
navigation-topic: goal-management
title: Adobe Workfront目標で目標コメントを管理
description: Adobe Workfront目標で表示できるすべての目標にコメントを追加できます。
author: Alina
feature: Workfront Goals
exl-id: 6cf2d2d2-5ba5-40f2-a803-01359c338541
source-git-commit: d7ae3d47cbc4426630260ab5e726380e4775096a
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '509'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# Adobe Workfront目標で目標コメントを管理

Adobe Workfront目標で表示できるすべての目標にコメントを追加できます。

<!--drafted for P&P:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
 <col>
 </col>
 <col>
 </col>
 <tbody>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront plan*</td>
   <td>
   <p>Current plan: Select or higher</p>
   Or
   <p>Legacy plan: Pro or higher</p>
   
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront license*</td>
   <td>
   <p>Current license: Contributor or higher</p>
   Or
   <p>Legacy license: Request or higher</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/access-levels-and-object-permissions/wf-licenses.md" class="MCXref xref">Adobe Workfront licenses overview</a>.</p> </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Product</td>
   <td>
   <p> Current product requirement: If you have the Select or Prime Adobe Workfront plan, you must also buy an additional Adobe Workfront Goals license.  Workfront Goals are included in the Ultimate Workfront Plan.</p>
   Or
   <p>Legacy product requirement: You must purchase an additional license for the Adobe Workfront Goals to access functionality described in this article. </p> <p>For information, see <a href="../../workfront-goals/goal-management/access-needed-for-wf-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Requirements to use Workfront Goals</a>. </p> </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Access level*</td>
   <td> <p>Edit access to Goals</p> <p><b>NOTE</b><p>If you still don't have access, ask your Workfront administrator if they set additional restrictions in your access level. For information on how a Workfront administrator can change your access level, see:</p>
     <ul>
      <li> <p><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/create-modify-access-levels.md" class="MCXref xref">Create or modify custom access levels</a> </p> </li>
      <li> <p><span href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md"><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Grant access to Adobe Workfront Goals</a></span> </p> </li>
     </ul> </p> </td>
  </tr>
  <tr data-mc-conditions="">
   <td role="rowheader">Object permissions</td>
   <td>
    <div>
     <p>View or higher permissions to the goal to view it</p>
     <p>Manage permissions to the goal to edit it</p>
     <p>For information about sharing goals, see <a href="../../workfront-goals/workfront-goals-settings/share-a-goal.md" class="MCXref xref">Share a goal in Workfront Goals</a>. </p>
    </div> </td>
  </tr>
 </tbody>
</table>
-->

## アクセス要件

この記事で説明する操作を実行するには、次のアクセス権が必要です。

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront plan*</td> 
   <td> <p>Pro 以上</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront license*</td> 
   <td> <p>リクエスト以上</p> <p>詳しくは、 <a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/access-levels-and-object-permissions/wf-licenses.md" class="MCXref xref">Adobe Workfrontライセンスの概要</a>.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">製品</td> 
   <td> <p>この記事で説明する機能にアクセスするには、 Adobe Workfront Goals の追加ライセンスを購入する必要があります。 </p> <p>詳しくは、 <a href="../../workfront-goals/goal-management/access-needed-for-wf-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Workfront目標の使用要件</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">アクセスレベル*</td> 
   <td> <p>目標へのアクセス権を表示またはそれ以上に設定</p> <p><b>メモ</b><p>まだアクセス権がない場合は、Workfront管理者に、アクセスレベルに追加の制限を設定しているかどうかを問い合わせてください。 Workfront管理者がアクセスレベルを変更する方法について詳しくは、以下を参照してください。</p> 
     <ul> 
      <li> <p><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/create-modify-access-levels.md" class="MCXref xref">カスタムアクセスレベルの作成または変更</a> </p> </li> 
      <li> <p><span href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md"><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Adobe Workfront目標へのアクセス権の付与</a></span> </p> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td role="rowheader">オブジェクト権限</td> 
   <td> 
    <div> 
     <p>目標に対する権限の表示以上</p> 
     <p>目標の共有について詳しくは、 <a href="../../workfront-goals/workfront-goals-settings/share-a-goal.md" class="MCXref xref">Workfront目標での目標の共有</a>. </p> 
    </div> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

*保有するプラン、ライセンスの種類、アクセス権を確認するには、Workfront管理者にお問い合わせください。

## 前提条件

を起動する前に、次の条件を満たす必要があります。

* メインメニューの目標領域を含むレイアウトテンプレート。

## コメント領域を探します。

<!--
Locating goal comments differs depending on what environment you use. 

### Locate goal comments in the Production environment

You can add comments to goals in the following areas of Workfront Goals:

* The Goal Details panel
* The Check-in section 
* The Pulse section

Although the process for adding comments to goals is similar in these areas, there are differences in being able to edit, delete, or react to a comment when using one area versus another. When you enter a comment in any of these areas, the comment is visible in all areas where goal comments display.

>[!NOTE]
>
>You cannot add comments to results and activities.

-->

<!--
## Add comments to goals in the Goal Details panel

Adding comments to goals differs depending on what environment you use.

### Add comments to goals in the Production environment


You can add comments to goals in the Goal Details panel, as part of updating an individual goal.

You can edit or delete a comment that you entered in this area, or you can like comments.

1. Click the **Main Menu** icon ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **Goals** in the upper-right corner.

   (Add this when Shell is available to all: or (if available), click the **Main Menu** icon ![Main menu icon](../goal-management/assets/three-line-main-menu-icon.png) in the upper-left corner))
   

   This opens the Workfront Goals area. 

1. Locate the goal you want to add comments to, then click its name to open the Goal Details panel to the right. 
1. Click the **Updates** tab.
1. Type your comment in the **Comment here** field, then click **Post**. 
1. (Optional and conditional) Select the **Comments** option at the top of the list to view your comment at the top of the list. It is enabled by default and comments display here with the most recent comment first. 
1. (Optional) Click **Edit** to edit your comment, then click **Save** to save your changes, or **Cancel** to revert to the original update.

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >* You can only edit comments you entered. 
   >* There is no time limit for how long after you enter a comment you are allowed to edit it.

1. (Optional) Click **Delete** to delete your comment, then click **Yes, Delete** to confirm.

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >* You can only delete comments you entered. 
   >* There is no time limit for how long after you enter a comment you are allowed to delete it.

1. (Optional) Click the **Like icon** ![](assets/like-icon.png) to like a comment that someone else added. The icon updates with the number of likes. 

1. (Optional) Click the number of likes next to a comment and a list with the names of the users who liked the comment displays in the right panel.

   <!--
   <p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">(NOTE: this functionality might change)</p>
   

   ![](assets/list-of-likes-users-350x121.png)

1. (Conditional) Click **Back to Updates** to return to the Updates tab of the Goal Details panel, or click the **X icon** in the upper-right corner to close the right panel.

-->

目標に対するコメントは、目標のページの「更新」セクションで追加できます。

この領域に追加したコメントに対して、自分または他のユーザーが返信したり、「いいね！」をしたりできます。

1. 次をクリック： **メインメニュー** アイコン ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **目標** をクリックします。
目標リストが開きます。
1. コメントを追加する目標を探し、その名前をクリックして目標ページを開きます。
1. クリック  **更新** をクリックします。
1. 次をクリック： **コメント** タブをクリックします。
1. でコメントの入力を開始 **新しいコメント** ボックス

   ![](assets/comment-box-empty-unshimmed.png)

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >コメントを入力して送信する前に「更新」セクションから移動すると、ログオフしてログオンし直した後でも、ページ上のコメントがドラフトモードのままになります。 下書きのコメントは、ユーザーが入力した場合にのみ表示されます。

1. （オプション） **担当者またはチームのタグ付け** 領域に入力し、このコメントに含めるユーザーまたはチームの名前やメールを入力して、リストに表示されたら選択します。
1. クリック **送信**.
1. （オプション）「 **返信** 既存のコメントに返信するには、上記の手順 5～7 に従います。 <!--insure this stays accurate-->
1. （オプション） **次に類似** アイコン![](assets/like-icon.png) 他の誰かが追加したコメントが気に入った。 アイコンは「いいね！」の数に応じて更新されます。
1. （オプション）リッチテキストの書式設定を更新に追加するには、入力時にリッチテキストツールバーの任意の属性を使用します。 詳しくは、 [作業を更新](../../workfront-basics/updating-work-items-and-viewing-updates/update-work.md).
1. （オプション） **システムアクティビティ** タブをクリックして、システムによって記録された更新を表示します。 目標が更新されると、Workfrontはその更新に関するメモを生成し、「システムアクティビティ」タブに表示します。 Workfrontは、結果、アクティビティ、またはプロジェクトが目標に追加されたときや、結果が更新されたときに、システムの更新も記録します。 <!--ensure the casing on the tab has not changed-->

<!--
## Add comments to goals in the Check-in section

<div class="preview">

The Check-in section has been removed from the Preview environment. You can update goals by accessing the goal page. For information, see 
[Update goals in the Goal details section in Adobe Workfront Goals](../goal-management/update-goals-in-goal-details-panel.md). 


</div>

>[!TIP]
>
>You must have access to Edit Goals in your access level to view the Check-in section.

You can add comments to goals in the Check-in section of Workfront Goals, as part of updating your list of goals. For information about updating goals, see [Update goal progress in Adobe Workfront Goals](../../workfront-goals/goal-review-and-workfront-goals-sections/check-in-goals.md).

You can also like goal comments that other users have added to mark your approval of them in the Check-in section.

1. Click the **Main Menu** icon ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **Goals** in the upper-right corner.

   ( Add this when Shell is available to all: or (if available), click the **Main Menu** icon ![Main menu icon](../goal-management/assets/three-line-main-menu-icon.png) in the upper-left corner))

   This opens the Workfront Goals area. 

1. Click the **Check-in** section in the left panel.

   ![](assets/check-in-icon-left.png)

   Goals assigned to you or that have results and activities that are assigned to you display in this area. 

1. (Optional) Click the right-pointing arrow to the left of the goal name to expand the goal, if the goal is not already expanded. 
1. Type your comment in the **Add a comment to this goal (optional)** field, then click **Post**.

   Two most recent comments display by default under each goal.

1. Click **Show all comments** to display all comments on a goal. A number of total comments for the goal also displays. Comments display in the order they were entered, with the most recent first. 
1. (Optional) Click the **Like icon** ![](assets/like-icon.png) to like a comment. The icon updates with the number of likes. 

1. (Optional) Click the number of likes next to a comment and a list with the names of the users who liked the comment displays in the right panel.

   ![](assets/list-of-likes-users-350x121.png)

1. (Conditional) Click **Back to Updates** to return to the Updates tab of the Goal Details panel, or click the **X icon** in the upper-right corner to close the right panel.

## Add comments to goals in the Pulse section


<div class="preview">

The Pulse section has been removed from the Preview environment. You can update goals by accessing the goal page. For information, see 
[Update goals in the Goal details section in Adobe Workfront Goals](../goal-management/update-goals-in-goal-details-panel.md). 

</div>

You can add comments to goals in the Pulse section of Workfront Goals, as part of reviewing goals that might affect yours. For information about reviewing goals in the Pulse section, see [Review goals in the Adobe Workfront Goals Pulse section](../../workfront-goals/goal-review-and-workfront-goals-sections/review-goals-in-pulse.md).

You can also like goal comments that other users have added to mark your approval of them in the Pulse section.

1. Click the **Main Menu** icon ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **Goals** in the upper-right corner.

   (Add this when Shell is available to all: or (if available), click the **Main Menu** icon ![Main menu icon](../goal-management/assets/three-line-main-menu-icon.png) in the upper-left corner))

   This opens the Workfront Goals area. 

1. Click the Pulse section in the left panel.

   ![](assets/pulse-icon-left.png)

   All current goals display in this section, regardless of their status.

1. Click **Add a comment**, then type your comment in the **Add a comment to this goal (optional)** field.
1. Click **Post**.

   Three comments display by default under each goal.

1. Click **Show all updates** to display all comments on a goal. A number of total comments for the goal also displays. Comments display in the order they were entered, with the most recent first. 
1. (Optional) Click the **Like icon** ![](assets/like-icon.png) to like a comment. The icon updates with the number of likes. 

1. (Optional) Click the number of likes next to a comment and a list with the names of the users who liked the comment displays in the right panel.

   ![](assets/list-of-likes-users-350x121.png)

1. (Conditional) Click **Back to Updates** to return to the Updates tab of the Goal Details panel, or click the **X icon** in the upper-right corner to close the right panel.

-->

Commit message:

Updated by task 'AutomatedMDTask_1679163561434_TM-MT_1679163567872'  Changes for core/source commit https://git.corp.adobe.com/AdobeDocs/workfront.en/commit/e1b3237368eb0908098871bc612080bcb3245386

help/quicksilver/workfront-goals/goal-management/manage-goal-comments.md, after:

---
product-previous: workfront-goals
navigation-topic: goal-management
title: Adobe Workfront目標で目標コメントを管理
description: Adobe Workfront目標で表示できるすべての目標にコメントを追加できます。
author: Alina
feature: Workfront Goals
exl-id: 6cf2d2d2-5ba5-40f2-a803-01359c338541
source-git-commit: 39647f235c2e131e0ddd5d3b72d2f073387e531e
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '509'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# Adobe Workfront目標で目標コメントを管理

<!--<span class="preview">The highlighted information on this page refers to functionality not yet generally available. It is available only in the Preview environment.</span> -->

Adobe Workfront目標で表示できるすべての目標にコメントを追加できます。

<!--drafted for P&P:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
 <col>
 </col>
 <col>
 </col>
 <tbody>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront plan*</td>
   <td>
   <p>Current plan: Select or higher</p>
   Or
   <p>Legacy plan: Pro or higher</p>
   
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront license*</td>
   <td>
   <p>Current license: Contributor or higher</p>
   Or
   <p>Legacy license: Request or higher</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/access-levels-and-object-permissions/wf-licenses.md" class="MCXref xref">Adobe Workfront licenses overview</a>.</p> </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Product</td>
   <td>
   <p> Current product requirement: If you have the Select or Prime Adobe Workfront plan, you must also buy an additional Adobe Workfront Goals license.  Workfront Goals are included in the Ultimate Workfront Plan.</p>
   Or
   <p>Legacy product requirement: You must purchase an additional license for the Adobe Workfront Goals to access functionality described in this article. </p> <p>For information, see <a href="../../workfront-goals/goal-management/access-needed-for-wf-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Requirements to use Workfront Goals</a>. </p> </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td role="rowheader">Access level*</td>
   <td> <p>Edit access to Goals</p> <p><b>NOTE</b><p>If you still don't have access, ask your Workfront administrator if they set additional restrictions in your access level. For information on how a Workfront administrator can change your access level, see:</p>
     <ul>
      <li> <p><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/create-modify-access-levels.md" class="MCXref xref">Create or modify custom access levels</a> </p> </li>
      <li> <p><span href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md"><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Grant access to Adobe Workfront Goals</a></span> </p> </li>
     </ul> </p> </td>
  </tr>
  <tr data-mc-conditions="">
   <td role="rowheader">Object permissions</td>
   <td>
    <div>
     <p>View or higher permissions to the goal to view it</p>
     <p>Manage permissions to the goal to edit it</p>
     <p>For information about sharing goals, see <a href="../../workfront-goals/workfront-goals-settings/share-a-goal.md" class="MCXref xref">Share a goal in Workfront Goals</a>. </p>
    </div> </td>
  </tr>
 </tbody>
</table>
-->

## アクセス要件

この記事で説明する操作を実行するには、次のアクセス権が必要です。

<table style="table-layout:auto"> 
 <col> 
 <col> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront plan*</td> 
   <td> <p>Pro 以上</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">Adobe Workfront license*</td> 
   <td> <p>リクエスト以上</p> <p>詳しくは、 <a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/access-levels-and-object-permissions/wf-licenses.md" class="MCXref xref">Adobe Workfrontライセンスの概要</a>.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">製品</td> 
   <td> <p>この記事で説明する機能にアクセスするには、 Adobe Workfront Goals の追加ライセンスを購入する必要があります。 </p> <p>詳しくは、 <a href="../../workfront-goals/goal-management/access-needed-for-wf-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Workfront目標の使用要件</a>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td role="rowheader">アクセスレベル*</td> 
   <td> <p>目標へのアクセス権を表示またはそれ以上に設定</p> <p><b>メモ</b><p>まだアクセス権がない場合は、Workfront管理者に、アクセスレベルに追加の制限を設定しているかどうかを問い合わせてください。 Workfront管理者がアクセスレベルを変更する方法について詳しくは、以下を参照してください。</p> 
     <ul> 
      <li> <p><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/create-modify-access-levels.md" class="MCXref xref">カスタムアクセスレベルの作成または変更</a> </p> </li> 
      <li> <p><span href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md"><a href="../../administration-and-setup/add-users/configure-and-grant-access/grant-access-goals.md" class="MCXref xref">Adobe Workfront目標へのアクセス権の付与</a></span> </p> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr data-mc-conditions=""> 
   <td role="rowheader">オブジェクト権限</td> 
   <td> 
    <div> 
     <p>目標に対する権限の表示以上</p> 
     <p>目標の共有について詳しくは、 <a href="../../workfront-goals/workfront-goals-settings/share-a-goal.md" class="MCXref xref">Workfront目標での目標の共有</a>. </p> 
    </div> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

*保有するプラン、ライセンスの種類、アクセス権を確認するには、Workfront管理者にお問い合わせください。

## 前提条件

を起動する前に、次の条件を満たす必要があります。

* メインメニューの目標領域を含むレイアウトテンプレート。

## コメント領域を探します。

<!--
Locating goal comments differs depending on what environment you use. 

### Locate goal comments in the Production environment

You can add comments to goals in the following areas of Workfront Goals:

* The Goal Details panel
* The Check-in section 
* The Pulse section

Although the process for adding comments to goals is similar in these areas, there are differences in being able to edit, delete, or react to a comment when using one area versus another. When you enter a comment in any of these areas, the comment is visible in all areas where goal comments display.

>[!NOTE]
>
>You cannot add comments to results and activities.

-->

<!--
## Add comments to goals in the Goal Details panel

Adding comments to goals differs depending on what environment you use.

### Add comments to goals in the Production environment


You can add comments to goals in the Goal Details panel, as part of updating an individual goal.

You can edit or delete a comment that you entered in this area, or you can like comments.

1. Click the **Main Menu** icon ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **Goals** in the upper-right corner.

   (Add this when Shell is available to all: or (if available), click the **Main Menu** icon ![Main menu icon](../goal-management/assets/three-line-main-menu-icon.png) in the upper-left corner))
   

   This opens the Workfront Goals area. 

1. Locate the goal you want to add comments to, then click its name to open the Goal Details panel to the right. 
1. Click the **Updates** tab.
1. Type your comment in the **Comment here** field, then click **Post**. 
1. (Optional and conditional) Select the **Comments** option at the top of the list to view your comment at the top of the list. It is enabled by default and comments display here with the most recent comment first. 
1. (Optional) Click **Edit** to edit your comment, then click **Save** to save your changes, or **Cancel** to revert to the original update.

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >* You can only edit comments you entered. 
   >* There is no time limit for how long after you enter a comment you are allowed to edit it.

1. (Optional) Click **Delete** to delete your comment, then click **Yes, Delete** to confirm.

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >* You can only delete comments you entered. 
   >* There is no time limit for how long after you enter a comment you are allowed to delete it.

1. (Optional) Click the **Like icon** ![](assets/like-icon.png) to like a comment that someone else added. The icon updates with the number of likes. 

1. (Optional) Click the number of likes next to a comment and a list with the names of the users who liked the comment displays in the right panel.

   <!--
   <p data-mc-conditions="QuicksilverOrClassic.Draft mode">(NOTE: this functionality might change)</p>
   

   ![](assets/list-of-likes-users-350x121.png)

1. (Conditional) Click **Back to Updates** to return to the Updates tab of the Goal Details panel, or click the **X icon** in the upper-right corner to close the right panel.

-->

目標に対するコメントは、目標のページの「更新」セクションで追加できます。

この領域に追加したコメントに対して、自分または他のユーザーが返信したり、「いいね！」をしたりできます。

1. 次をクリック： **メインメニュー** アイコン ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **目標** をクリックします。
目標リストが開きます。
1. コメントを追加する目標を探し、その名前をクリックして目標ページを開きます。
1. クリック  **更新** をクリックします。
1. 次をクリック： **コメント** タブをクリックします。
1. でコメントの入力を開始 **新しいコメント** ボックス

   ![](assets/comment-box-empty-unshimmed.png)

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >コメントを入力して送信する前に「更新」セクションから移動すると、ログオフしてログオンし直した後でも、ページ上のコメントがドラフトモードのままになります。 下書きのコメントは、ユーザーが入力した場合にのみ表示されます。

1. （オプション） **担当者またはチームのタグ付け** 領域に入力し、このコメントに含めるユーザーまたはチームの名前やメールを入力して、リストに表示されたら選択します。

<!--drafted for beta release 23.2:
1. <span class="preview">(Optional) To edit a comment, click the **More** menu ![](assets/more-menu.png) to the right of the Like icon, then click **Edit**. </span>
1. <span class="preview">Edit the information in the comment, or remove any of the tagged users. </span>
   <span class="preview">You can edit your comment within 15 from submitting it. An "Edited" indicator is added to the left of the date stamp that displays when the comment was updated.</span> 

   <span class="preview">![](assets/edited-tag-on-comment-unified-commenting.png)</span>

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >   <span class="preview">An email is generated to notify users of your update only when you submit the original update. No email is generated after you edited your update.</span>
-->
1. クリック **送信**.

<!--drafted for 23.2 beta release: 

   >[!TIP]
   >
   >   <span class="preview">If another user submits a comment to the same item you are updating, there will be a red line with a "New" indicator to inform you of the newer comments. The indicator only displays only after the comment was submitted on the item, and not when the comment is still composed. </span>
   >
   > ![](assets/real-time-new-red-indicator-unified-commenting.png)-->

1. （オプション）「 **返信** 既存のコメントに返信するには、上記の手順 5～7 に従います。 <!--insure this stays accurate-->
1. （オプション） **次に類似** アイコン![](assets/like-icon.png) 他の誰かが追加したコメントが気に入った。 アイコンは「いいね！」の数に応じて更新されます。
1. （オプション）リッチテキストの書式設定を更新に追加するには、入力時にリッチテキストツールバーの任意の属性を使用します。 詳しくは、 [作業を更新](../../workfront-basics/updating-work-items-and-viewing-updates/update-work.md).
1. （オプション） **システムアクティビティ** タブをクリックして、システムによって記録された更新を表示します。 目標が更新されると、Workfrontはその更新に関するメモを生成し、「システムアクティビティ」タブに表示します。 Workfrontは、結果、アクティビティ、またはプロジェクトが目標に追加されたときや、結果が更新されたときに、システムの更新も記録します。 <!--ensure the casing on the tab has not changed-->

<!--
## Add comments to goals in the Check-in section

<div class="preview">

The Check-in section has been removed from the Preview environment. You can update goals by accessing the goal page. For information, see 
[Update goals in the Goal details section in Adobe Workfront Goals](../goal-management/update-goals-in-goal-details-panel.md). 


</div>

>[!TIP]
>
>You must have access to Edit Goals in your access level to view the Check-in section.

You can add comments to goals in the Check-in section of Workfront Goals, as part of updating your list of goals. For information about updating goals, see [Update goal progress in Adobe Workfront Goals](../../workfront-goals/goal-review-and-workfront-goals-sections/check-in-goals.md).

You can also like goal comments that other users have added to mark your approval of them in the Check-in section.

1. Click the **Main Menu** icon ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **Goals** in the upper-right corner.

   ( Add this when Shell is available to all: or (if available), click the **Main Menu** icon ![Main menu icon](../goal-management/assets/three-line-main-menu-icon.png) in the upper-left corner))

   This opens the Workfront Goals area. 

1. Click the **Check-in** section in the left panel.

   ![](assets/check-in-icon-left.png)

   Goals assigned to you or that have results and activities that are assigned to you display in this area. 

1. (Optional) Click the right-pointing arrow to the left of the goal name to expand the goal, if the goal is not already expanded. 
1. Type your comment in the **Add a comment to this goal (optional)** field, then click **Post**.

   Two most recent comments display by default under each goal.

1. Click **Show all comments** to display all comments on a goal. A number of total comments for the goal also displays. Comments display in the order they were entered, with the most recent first. 
1. (Optional) Click the **Like icon** ![](assets/like-icon.png) to like a comment. The icon updates with the number of likes. 

1. (Optional) Click the number of likes next to a comment and a list with the names of the users who liked the comment displays in the right panel.

   ![](assets/list-of-likes-users-350x121.png)

1. (Conditional) Click **Back to Updates** to return to the Updates tab of the Goal Details panel, or click the **X icon** in the upper-right corner to close the right panel.

## Add comments to goals in the Pulse section


<div class="preview">

The Pulse section has been removed from the Preview environment. You can update goals by accessing the goal page. For information, see 
[Update goals in the Goal details section in Adobe Workfront Goals](../goal-management/update-goals-in-goal-details-panel.md). 

</div>

You can add comments to goals in the Pulse section of Workfront Goals, as part of reviewing goals that might affect yours. For information about reviewing goals in the Pulse section, see [Review goals in the Adobe Workfront Goals Pulse section](../../workfront-goals/goal-review-and-workfront-goals-sections/review-goals-in-pulse.md).

You can also like goal comments that other users have added to mark your approval of them in the Pulse section.

1. Click the **Main Menu** icon ![](assets/main-menu-icon.png) > **Goals** in the upper-right corner.

   (Add this when Shell is available to all: or (if available), click the **Main Menu** icon ![Main menu icon](../goal-management/assets/three-line-main-menu-icon.png) in the upper-left corner))

   This opens the Workfront Goals area. 

1. Click the Pulse section in the left panel.

   ![](assets/pulse-icon-left.png)

   All current goals display in this section, regardless of their status.

1. Click **Add a comment**, then type your comment in the **Add a comment to this goal (optional)** field.
1. Click **Post**.

   Three comments display by default under each goal.

1. Click **Show all updates** to display all comments on a goal. A number of total comments for the goal also displays. Comments display in the order they were entered, with the most recent first. 
1. (Optional) Click the **Like icon** ![](assets/like-icon.png) to like a comment. The icon updates with the number of likes. 

1. (Optional) Click the number of likes next to a comment and a list with the names of the users who liked the comment displays in the right panel.

   ![](assets/list-of-likes-users-350x121.png)

1. (Conditional) Click **Back to Updates** to return to the Updates tab of the Goal Details panel, or click the **X icon** in the upper-right corner to close the right panel.

-->
